Hi guys, in this tutorial I want to show
you how to install N8N
locally in your PC. Okay, first thing
first, uh download the docker. You can
show the downloading. See the process in
the previous video the link in the
description. Okay, let's open the docker
desktop.
Okay, fine. It's open it. After that,
let's go here to the search button and
search for N8N.
N 8N.
Okay, let's go to the second one.
100 million downloaders. Press the pull
button which takes some time to
download.
The downloading is being for the tag.
Set the latest.
Okay. Fine. The downloading is finished.
Okay. Hit run.
Uh for optional setting,
we have to type the port only. 5 6 8 7
8. Hit run.
Okay. Hello.
Okay. Editor is now accessible via local
host. This port will
Okay. Now
uh the NN8N
is set up correctly. Now you can enter
your email, first name, last name and
password.
Now what descript your company? I don't
have company education.
All right. What you want it?
Okay. Data.
Okay. Get pitch future for free forever.
Enter your email address. You have to
receive the DSL key.
Send this key.
Your license key is on the way. Uh for
this license key, it takes me the code
received and my email. It takes one day,
two day,
an hour. I don't know what after that
after getting the code in your email you
can add it right here put this thing
on the activation key and you'll add
your activation key right here and the
setup is finished. Okay, thank you guys
for watching. This is all for this
tutorial. I'll see you later on next to
subscribe for the channel for more
tutorials like this and uh